# General idea:
You are about to create a Chatbot Conversation Builder page for recruiters!

This page will contain a form that allows the user to load a conversation configuration from the server. Once the configuration is loaded, the recruiters can see the configuration for future Chatbot conversations with their candidates.

The conversation configurations generated by this page are pretty simple - a linear series of screening questions (one after the other in a pre-set order without repeating any questions), that help the recruiter understand if the candidate is relevant or not.

Note that this assignment includes the conversation builder only! The service that’s responsible for executing the chats and collecting the answers from candidates is another part of the product (which will not be implemented in this assignment).
In other words - you’ll create a page that displays unanswered chats (and not answered chats).


## Guidelines:
Complete the tasks in the order described above- don’t skip tasks.
If you don’t make it in time, it’s ok- write down what would do in the next steps. 
Run the page on localhost. If you can, use vue.js. If not, use any language, framework or library you like.
Make sure the code is clean and readable.
UI Design should NOT be the focus, but make sure the UX is clear and understood.
Use the three JSONs attached as the source for your data.
Your solution should be scalable (imagin there were 99999999 chats in the attached JSONs)


## Question types
Our Chatbot Builder will supports three question types:
Free Text question:
Example question: “What would you say is your expertise”
Example candidate response: “I am exceptionally good in catching butterflies”
Numeric question:
The range of numbers accepted is defined by the user.
Example question: “How many years of experience do you have in software development?”
Example candidate response: “3”.
Multichoice question:
For the sake of simplicity, assume that there are always 4 options.
Example question: “What is your favorite animal?
Dog
Cat
Human
None of the above”
Example candidate response: “4”.

In the question module, The meaning of type is: 1 = free text, 2 = numeric, 3 = multichoice.

## Task 1- Create the data structure of the form’s output
The conversation's configuration data is currently split into 3 JSONs, which is not optimal for any external services consuming the configuration.
Based on the provided jsons, suggest a new structure for a conversation’s configuration as a single JSON file. This file should represent the conversation's entire configuration, to be used by any conversation service (such as our chatbot, Olivia)
Save your suggestion in a file named “conversation.json”. You may use mock data or data from the JSONs.
Remember: “conversation.json” should include all the data needed for the conversation service to run a conversation with a candidate.
    

## Task 2- Load existing chat
Once you’ve figured out the desired structure of a conversation configuration, we would like you to implement a function that creates it, using the given 3 JSONs.
Implement a function that creates the desired conversation configuration.
Input: chat ID
Output: conversation configuration, in the structure from Task 1.    
Definition of Done: Each chat ID can be loaded and presented as the output JSON (printed to the console is fine).


## Task 3- Web Page  
Create a web page, where you can submit a chat ID and display the conversation’s configuration on the screen. This task includes:
A Text input for chat id - No need for input validation
“Load chat” button - on click it will use the function you created at Task 2.
A nice visualization of the output (go wild).
Definition of Done: Each chat ID can be loaded and presented on the screen.
Bonus: Allow configuration to be editable. 

